README.md, before:

# Drupal Boot (druboot)

### Search and replace:

```
***CHANGE.THIS.IP.ADDR***
```
Change to the remote dev server's remote IP.

```
***DRUPAL_SITE_NAME***
```
Change to the Drupal site's name.
For example:
- My fresh new site

```
***DRUPAL_HUMAN_NAME***
```
Change the human name of your project, only varchars.
For example:
- Drupal Project
- Client Name
- Project Name

```
***DRUPAL_MACHINE_NAME***
```
Change the name of your project, only [a-z] chars.
For example:
- drupalproject
- clientsname
- projectsname

> This machine name is used in multiple situations, some of which do not allow
hyphens or underlines, although they would commonly be accepted for machine
names.

### Dependencies:
- Git.
- Vagrant.
- VirtualBox || Docker || Remote server.
- NFS.

### USAGE FOR A NEW PROJECT:

#### VirtualBox:
```
cd config/server/providers/vbox

vagrant up
```

#### Docker:
```
cd config/server/providers/docker

vagrant up
```

#### Remote dev environment:
```
cd config/server/providers/dev
./provision.sh
```

## WIP !!
Didn't test all the providers yet.

Commit message:

Make Kraftwagen skeleton/branch replaceble.

README.md, after:

# Drupal Boot (druboot)

## Search and replace:

```
***CHANGE.THIS.IP.ADDR***
```
Change to the remote dev server's remote IP.

```
***DRUPAL_SITE_NAME***
```
Change to the Drupal site's name.
For example:
- My fresh new site

```
***DRUPAL_HUMAN_NAME***
```
Change the human name of your project, only varchars.
For example:
- Drupal Project
- Client Name
- Project Name

```
***DRUPAL_MACHINE_NAME***
```
Change the name of your project, only [a-z] chars.
For example:
- drupalproject
- clientsname
- projectsname

> This machine name is used in multiple situations, some of which do not allow
hyphens or underlines, although they would commonly be accepted for machine
names.

```
***DRUPAL_KW_SKELETON_SOURCE***
```
Repository that Kraftwagen will use as skeleton for the source structure.
For example: `git://github.com/kraftwagen/skeleton.git`

```
***DRUPAL_KW_SKELETON_BRANCH***
```
The branch to use from the repository defined above.
For example: `master`

## Dependencies:
- Git.
- Vagrant.
- VirtualBox || Docker || Remote server.
- NFS.

### USAGE FOR A NEW PROJECT:

#### VirtualBox:
```
cd config/server/providers/vbox

vagrant up
```

#### Docker:
```
cd config/server/providers/docker

vagrant up
```

#### Remote dev environment:
```
cd config/server/providers/dev
./provision.sh
```

## WIP !!
Didn't test all the providers yet.
